QUEUES
------

-   Queue is a linear data structure.
-   It operates in FIFO (First In First Out).
-   The point at which data is entered into queue is called REAR.
-   The point at which data is removed from queue is called FRONT.
-   The two operations on queue are :
        1.Enqueue : Adding element into queue.
        2.Dequeue : REmoving element from the queue.
-   Time Complexity of both operations are O(n).
-   Space Complexity of O(n) is required to add n elements in a queue.
-   When a queue is full no further elements can be added into queue this condition 
    is called OVERFLOW.
-   When a queue is empty no further elements can be deleted from the queue this condition 
    is called UNDERFLOW.

-   In Javascript we have push and shift operation to perform Enqueue and Dequeue.
-   push()    
    : Add an element to the end of array.
    : Time Complexity O(n).
    : Returns the new length of array.

-   shift()
    : Removes the element at the zeroeth index and shifts the values at consecutive indexes down
    : Returns the removed element.
    : undefined, if the array is empty.
    : Time Complexity O(n)

TYPES OF QUEUES
---------------

1.Cirular Queue

-   Circular Queue is a linear data structure in which the operations 
    are performed based on FIFO (First In First Out) principle 
    and the last position is connected back to the first position 
    to make a circle. It is also called ‘Ring Buffer’. 

-   In a normal Queue, we can insert elements until queue becomes full. 
    But once queue becomes full, we can not insert the next element 
    even if there is a space in front of queue.(As a result of some dequeue operation).
    
Applications:

Memory Management: 
    The unused memory locations in the case of ordinary queues 
    can be utilized in circular queues.
Traffic system: 
    In computer controlled traffic system, 
    circular queues are used to switch on the traffic lights 
    one by one repeatedly as per the time set.
CPU Scheduling: 
    Operating systems often maintain a queue of processes that are 
    ready to execute or that are waiting for a particular event to occur.